# TechBlogger

It would be convenient for a developer who writes about technology to have a CMS-style blog site where they can post articles, blog posts, and share their opinions


You will be presented with the homepage, which contains existing blog posts; navigation links for the homepage and the dashboard; and an option to log in when you first access the site. When you click on the homepage option, you will be taken to the homepage. When you click any other link in the navigation, you will be prompted to sign up or sign in. The creation of a username and password will be required if you choose to sign up. After clicking the sign-up button, user credentials are saved and the user is logged into the site. If you revisit the site later and choose to sign in, your username and password will be prompted. As soon as you sign in to the site, you will see navigation links for the homepage, the dashboard, and options to log out. Clicking on the homepage option in the navigation will take you to the homepage, where you will see existing blog posts along with their title and creation date.When you click on an existing blog post, you'll see the title, contents, username, date of creation, and option to comment. When you enter a comment and click on the submit button while signed in the comment is saved and the post is updated to display the comment, the comment creator’s username, and the date created.Clicking on the dashboard option in the navigation will take you to the dashboard, where you can see any blog posts you have already created and add new posts.Adding a new blog post is as simple as clicking the button and entering the title and contents. As soon as you click on the button to create a new blog post, the title and contents of your post will be saved and you will be taken back to your updated dashboard with your new post. If you click on one of your existing posts in the dashboard, you can delete or update it. The logout option in the navigation will sign you out of the site if you are inactive for a specified amount of time. You can view comments when you are inactive but cannot add, update, or delete comments.
